---
title: This Week's Been a Year
description: A long week
date: 2024-06-14
tags: ['software']
---
This week has been a long one. We had intensive four days of training on our new software this week, which goes live on July 1. The trainings were 2-day sessions repeated with different groups in the sessions. Overall, the training went really well but I ended up slammed with meetings on most of the days so couldn't assist as much as I wanted.

Leading into the training, a member of our steering committee who's been all but absent for most of the steering the past, oh, 14 months decided to get involved and make some last minute decisions that overly complicated some processes. So far these choices proved the most contentious during the training. However, to get us to a point where the trainees could learn this process, I had to apply pressure last week that accomplished the goal but was not something I wanted to do. C'est la vie.

We also had to push back the go live date for another component of the overall upgrade. I'm not terribly upset we had to but it was a last minute decision (i.e., we made it yesterday and were supposed to go live with this component tomorrow). I didn't like having to do that but it was necessary and will make for a better rollout in the near future.

Each night as I got home I spent time working on my site. There are some color updates you may notice and most of the updates were under the hood -- cleaning up files, etc. I'm working on pagination for the blog page. It's getting a bit unwieldy and I'd like to cut it to 6-8 posts per page for easier navigation and limited scrolling. I know 11ty handles pagination fairly well but just need to get it set up.

Anyway, [Swing Low, Sweet Chariot](https://open.spotify.com/track/4ouRy2y1A34GcHhouzkls0?si=16a6f57d9ca74478) by Johnny Cash.
