---
title: The Times they are a'changin'
description: Setting up a time system and over correcting
date: 2024-05-09
tags: ['weblogpomo2024']
---
As some of my other posts have noted, we're in the midst of a new software implementation. One component is a new payroll and timekeeping system. 

Today, I spent some of my time setting up our new time clocks. It was fun. I enjoy that type of thing (side note: I also moved one of my employees' office equipment, too, because I also really enjoy setting that up, too, and running the cables, etc.).

Anyway, I had the four new clocks set up and was testing punches when I noticed one of the four was an hour ahead. It was later in the day so I didn't feel like troubleshooting it at the time but I sent a quick email to some of our team and the vendor letting them know the test punch worked and, oh, by the way, the clock was an hour ahead but I needed to troubleshoot it.

Instead, the team member from the vendor made changes to the settings on *all* of the clocks when I had specifically noted only one was off. It's frustrating because this has been happening throughout the project. We make note of a specific issue and they make an over-correction that has to be walked back rather than let us look into it and determine if it's a policy issue or a setting issue, etc. I mean, I'm not going to lie: I'll enjoy trying to now solve it tomorrow but I'll also now have to pull all four out to make sure they're all correct.

I'm not sure if I'm complaining so much? Just frustrated for a minute until I get to enjoy figuring this all out.

Here’s a listen for today: [Ænema](https://open.spotify.com/track/0nLOl4fSiBZKGFla5pLUtf?si=4b9920b30f9940af) by Tool.
